Who will allow you to have a small life?
In our Zhaojiacun arrogantly protected
I'll challenge you.
Son dad
Bielang
If I don't stand up today
Our Zhaojiacun
Don't even think about raising your head for the rest of your life
Come on!
Hahahahahaha
Hahahahaha
Hahahahahahaha
Aren't you a great thief in Changxiaocheng?
Why is this
Do you want to help you?
Hahahaha, I thought how good you were.
What else can you do besides barking?
I know why I divorced Zhao Daming in the first place
And eloped with Taro Takahashi?
Because you are all trash like Zhao Daming
You go too far.
Can't bear it anymore
I'm older than you, I'll stop
Ah!
Ah, hahaha, let me do it.
Hahahahahaha
Look look look
Doesn't that look like a dead dog on all fours?
Ahahahaha, I'll come.